[Music]
technology is hypnotizing it really is
and that's not new it's always been out
but regardless of how good your
technology is our brilliant your idea is
we mustn't forget that it's always
people the technology can be seductive
but if you don't understand the people
component it's not gonna work
fundamentally the great entrepreneurs
the ones who will make it aren't doing
so with delusions of millions or
delusions of the next big thing they do
so because they love what they're doing
and the money and the success comes
later I do love what I do I love what
I'm doing I'm passionate about what I do
most naive hash there's an addiction to
it if I didn't get paid to do this I'll
probably figure out how to get paid to
do this I want to be an entrepreneur
we're now seeing that sort of mad
scramble to cash in on whether it's
video games a successful app yes I've
done nothing but sleep Ethan's dream
this machine now you know you can launch
the company a couple weeks basically for
free cloud it's one of the biggest buzz
words in technology nowadays there seems
to be an app for everything all right
you could come up with the next cool
yeah Dennis how big do you think
Foursquare is going to be we are in a
bubble aren't we too paranoid that we're
in a bubble there is definitely a
euphoria around investing this is just
legitimized agam board you take the
money you gotta kiss the ring there's so
much that can go wrong it gets wrong
people without your personal conflicts
have wrong idea
sign a bad deal technology doesn't work
you'll run money
[Music]
when there's an idea that's so
compelling that it inspires you to
leaves the village I somehow talked my
family into how it's a good idea for me
to stop getting paid I was full that was
crazy
over and over again we are putting
absolutely everything into this
is a snapshot of life on the frontlines
of innovation everything's being hacked
in this moment in time and the shared
vision of five startups I like building
technology that solve problems what are
you willing to put on the line crazy
enough to see that an idea can change
the world you just have to will that
sucker into existence